## event bubbling
When an event happens on an element, it first runs the handlers on it, then on its parent, then all the way up on other ancestors.

capture, target, bubbling

event.stopPorpagation
event.stopImmediatePropagation

## clear float

    .clearfix {
        overflow: auto;
    }

    .clearfix::after {
        content: "";
        clear: both;
        display: table;
    }

## css preprocessor
CSS preprocessor is a kind of program that adds styles in its own unique syntax and converts to pure CSS
Normally, it adds features such as variables, mixin, nesting selector, inheritance selector, etc.

## CommonJS, RequireJS, module
CommonJS:
CommonJS is more than that - it's a project to define a common API and ecosystem for JavaScrip.
    var x = 5;
    var addX = function (value) {
      return value + x;
    };
    module.exports.x = x;
    module.exports.addX = addX;

RequireJS:
AMD (Asynchronous Module Definition) is another specification for modules. RequireJS is probably the most popular implementation of AMD. 

AMD is generally more used in client-side (in-browser) JavaScript development due to this, and CommonJS Modules are generally used server-side. However, you can use either module spec in either environment 

ES6 modules

## accessibility

## callback promise
callback:
Many actions in JavaScript are asynchromous.
That’s called a “callback-based” style of asynchronous programming. A function that does something asynchronously should provide a callback argument where we put the function to run after it’s complete.
Pyramid of doom.

promise:
A Promise is a proxy for a value not necessarily known when the promise is created. It allows you to associate handlers with an asynchronous action's eventual success value or failure reason.

state - pending, fulfilled, rejected
result - initially undefined

resolve(value) - state: 'fullfilled'
               - result: value
reject(error)  - state: 'rejected'
               - result: error

Promise.all()
Promise.race()

const preloadImage = function (path) {
  return new Promise(function (resolve, reject) {
    const image = new Image()
    image.onload = resolve
    image.onerror = reject
    image.src = path
  })
}
